Plugins: Require signing of external back-end plugins (#24075)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/installation/configuration.md

Set to true if you want to test alpha plugins that are not yet ready for general usage.

### allow_loading_unsigned_plugins

> Optionally specify a comma-separated list of plugins that can be loaded, even if they lack a (valid signature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally specify a comma-separated list of plugins (plugin identifiers) that's allowed to be loaded, even if they lack a (valid signature). 
```

> Optionally specify a comma-separated list of plugins (plugin identifiers) that's allowed to be loaded, even if they lack a (valid signature). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter a comma-separated list of plugin identifiers to identify plugins that are allowed to be loaded even if they lack a valid signature. 
```
